#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Built-in 
\begin_inset Index idx
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Symbols
\end_layout

\end_inset

Symbols
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section is largely based on the information originally written by Ray
 Bornert (
\begin_inset Flex URL
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

http://www.winholdem.net/help/help-formula.html#symbols
\end_layout

\end_inset

) and extended to include OpenHoldem-specific symbols.
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
These symbols take output from the scraper engine, from Table Map parameters,
 and from your formula functions to derive various bits of data that are
 useful when instructing the OpenHoldem Autoplayer how to act.
 The set of symbols got extended over time – not all of them are available
 for all versions of OpenHoldem.
 This list reflects the state of the latest version.
 Some old WinHoldem symbols got never implemented due to lack of documentation
 and practical relevance.
 Others got replaced or removed over time.
 Please refer to the chapter 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Outdated Features and Incompatibilities between OpenHoldem and WinHoldem
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 for more information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As you already might have noticed some of these symbols are of rather technical
 nature, A set of several hundred more poker-logical symbols is included
 in the OpenPPL-library that gets discussed in the seeparate OpenPPL-manual.
 Both languages can be mixed in nearly any way however, so please read on.
 Here you will find some valuable symbols that you might be miss in OpenPPL.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
General
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
